[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Many of the
kids being born into and raised
in the world today have come
in with little in common,
energetically, from
previous generations.
Though there have always been
sensitives among us and seers,
the doors have been
blown wide open
by these children
of the evolution,
as they're called by
author Meg Blackburn Losey.
Meg is with us today
to tell us that it's
us, not these children,
who aren't keeping up.
But we can change that.
Welcome to the show.
>>MEG BLACKBURN LOSEY:
I'm so thrilled to be here
and can't wait to talk
with you about this.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I'm so
happy to have you here, too.
Because I just
love this subject.
I look at this-- what
an array of experiences.
The only thing
they have in common
is that they have nothing
in common from each other
and also from what's
happened before,
whether it's the most
beautiful light of the light
or darkest of the dark.
It's all happening with
the little kids now.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Yeah,
it's quite a wide array.
And when I first started doing
this-- experiencing it I guess
is a better word--
with the kids,
I thought that I had discovered
a kind of a niche of children
that were very cool,
very special, very gifted
and that that was
all there was to it.
And that was a big deal.
And then, as I started
traveling around the world
and talking about it and talking
to parents and caregivers
and educators and
physicians and-- I
get around a lot--
what I realized was
this is a lot bigger
picture than I
had a clue about back
then, that any of us did.
>>REGINA: Yes, absolutely.
And you were one yourself.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Yes.
>>REGINA: And so let's
start with your own story,
growing up.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
I didn't understand
that being the way
I am wasn't normal.
And I always was
very frustrated.
Well, I'm extremely intuitive.
And as I got older, more and
more of my abilities opened up.
And I can literally see energy.
I can literally
see inside a body.
I can watch a calorie
fire or look at DNA.
It's incredible
once you realize.
>>REGINA: And just
before the camera came on
you're saying wow,
you've got some chaos
going on in your field.
And I said, yep.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
Yeah, I can't help it.
>>REGINA: But you can't help it.
You see everything.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: But I
try not to be intrusive.
I actually apply
manners to that.
Because I don't think
just because you
can do it that it should
thrown at everybody.
>>REGINA: You should be
sharing, yes, exactly.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: I only
usually comment when asked.
But anyway--
>>REGINA: But you were also
very inventive as a little kid.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Yeah,
I found ways to just deal
with who I was.
Because I had a very
deep Catholic upbringing.
Of course, I am recovered now.
So there were so many of
those things in the background
that, being who I was, I
likened it to the saints
they were teaching us about.
Because the saints heard voices.
And I have my whole life.
I've had visions
of my whole life.
I've had knowings my whole life.
But people didn't believe me.
So I can really relate to what's
happening with these kids.
And as I've grown
and realized there's
really nothing to
defend, what I've learned
is the more we
relax, the more we
are available to our
own greater nature.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
And so I tell people
it's about learning about
ourselves intimately
and at the same time,
releasing our defenses.
>>REGINA: Did you have
problems, as a kid
in particular, because
you were different?
Because you're dealing with
these kids now, of course,
that's what you do
all day every day.
Did you have
problems as a child?
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: I did.
I knew when people
weren't telling the truth.
I knew when
something was not OK.
And I knew that a lot of what I
was being made to do wasn't OK.
And I used to stand up,
even in religion class,
and say how can
you tell me this?
How can this have
happened and you
be so sure-- I can't
remember an example,
because it happened a lot.
And the nuns would say oh,
well, it's in the Bible.
It has to be true.
>>REGINA: Yeah, right.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: And I'm
sitting there thinking--
and don't get me wrong.
I'm not anti-religion.
But my experience
was that I was being
told things that were
very narrow in scope, when
I knew so much more.
And I didn't understand
why what I knew wasn't OK.
And that's what we're
seeing with the kids,
is we as a society-- some
of us, like you and me,
and others that are out
here doing the work,
as I call it-- we
really get that there's
something going on.
We're the bridge generation,
as I like to say.
We're the ones that had
abilities like I did as a kid.
And I shut up for a while.
Because people laughed at me.
I'd want to know how
to make something.
Like one year it was stuffing
for Thanksgiving dinner.
Well I don't care for stuffing.
So I don't make it.
But I had 40 people coming.
And it's a staple.
And so I'm walking
in the grocery store.
And I thought I need
to make stuffing.
And I started hearing
the ingredients--
>>REGINA: How to make it.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
--how to make it.
And everybody was raving
and wanted the recipe.
So I told them what happened.
And they laughed behind my back.
And it shut me up for a while.
>>REGINA: And also I
remember in your book
you had said you invented a
little car that would come up
to a parking spot, instead
of going through all
those various points
on your wheel and in
and out, the wheels
turned sideways.
And it would just
slot itself in.
Right?
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Yep, I did.
I did toothpaste dispensers.
I had a whole plethora of things
that I knew could be possible.
And I'm still seeing
them being invented.
It's kind of fun.
>>REGINA: Yeah, they're
all coming out now.
And so you say that
what we're witnessing
is called fast
forward evolution now.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
We truly are, Regina.
We're having a fast forward
evolution of humanity.
This includes our bodies, our
minds, our consciousness--
minds and consciousness
are not the same-- even how
we internalize and apply
things in our lives.
And there are several things
that are causing that.
First of all, because
of all the technologies,
we're more highly intelligent
and informed than we've ever
been.
Energetically, there
have been events
happening that have changed
the tone of our harmonics.
We're created of
nothing but energy,
all harmonically
assembled to reflect
the beauty of each of us.
>>REGINA: OK, so let me
insert a question in here.
I assume you're talking
about cosmic events that
have occurred.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
Cosmic events,
multidimensional events.
>>REGINA:
Multidimensional events.
And have you noticed that
those cosmic events are having
a direct translation into what's
being displayed from newborns
and young children?
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Yes.
>>REGINA: In relation to it?
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Absolutely.
It's part of what's
making it possible.
In 2012, when the planetary
alignment happened,
there was a lot of change prior
to that-- started about 2009.
And in 2012, as that alignment
occurred, in my vision,
the Earth actually paused,
rocked back a slight bit,
and then started a new rotation.
>>REGINA: Almost like
a retrograde of sorts.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Yeah, almost,
but not really a true one.
It was like a rock back.
And then it started
its next 26,000
plus thousand year thing.
In that moment it was
like an energetic reboot,
where the way that
we receive energy,
the way that our bodies
are working with energy
and information, are different.
Now, instead of
learning linearly
with our brains,
which are electrical,
consciousness is
electromagnetic.
It's in every cell of our body.
It surrounds us.
And we have this
beautiful etheric anatomy.
We're able to absorb
information and not
even know we know it yet.
A lot of times people say I
was just talking to this person
and all these things
came out of my mouth.
And I have no idea
where that came from.
We have absorbed things.
And we know them
on a different kind
of knowing than on a
logical, line thinking.
So us doing that, us
exploring ourselves,
us saying you know
what, it's OK.
We're just wonderful.
And that's just fine.
Or gosh, there are
possibilities available that we
didn't know about.
So us doing that put that
into the common consciousness.
It is a reality.
Common consciousness exists.
And because we did that,
our next generation
is being born with
abilities that many of us
had to work to open
or hid for a long time
because people weren't
caught up with us yet.
We were the forerunners.
And so now what
we're seeing-- it
started with the Indigo Kids.
And I'll go through them.
>>REGINA: Oh, we're
going to go through all
of the different
iterations, generations,
within just a short
few year span even.
These are different generations
in terms of their skills
and talents and what they're
displaying in their auras.
And I want you, in a bit,
to go through all of it.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: OK.
>>REGINA: But I also
want to got to the point
where, I think around
2000, where you start
hearing them talking to you.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Oh gosh.
Yeah, it was weird.
I was sitting at my computer in
Tennessee, when we lived there.
And one of the conferences
I did every year
e-mailed me and says
OK Dr. Meg, what
are you going to
talk about this year?
And I thought gee, I really
ought to switch it up.
I've been there a
number of years.
And what can I do?
And I heard-- I have these guys.
I heard speak of the children,
very sincerely serious.
And I started laughing.
I'm very spiritually
smart aleck.
And I'm like yeah, right.
I have no knowledge,
no expertise.
Well why would I put
myself out there and ask
to be paid to talk about it?
Speak of the children, I heard.
I'm like, seriously?
Speak of the children.
Three times is
always truth for me.
>>REGINA: That's right.
Me too.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
So I typed back.
Dr. Meg will talk about the
children of now, blah, blah,
blahs, two or three sentences.
And I thought oh my god,
what am I going to do?
>>REGINA: What am I
going to talk about?
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: So I
showed up at the conference.
And this woman
came by and showed
me all of these
photographs of kids
with amazing orbs and
colorful geometries.
And they were multiple pictures.
And they did experiments and
took pictures with cameras,
all different, to see if
they would still show up.
And what I realized
was that the children
were able to identify
themselves energetically
by reflecting these
things in the photographs.
That was very
interesting for me.
It was just a kind of an aside.
And the next
morning was my talk.
And I was ironing a
jacket in a hurry,
like we do when we travel.
And I was listing to one side.
I couldn't stand up straight.
My husband was with
me, which was unusual.
And I said, honey.
My ears feel OK.
I don't think I'm
sick or anything.
But I can't stand up straight.
And he just twinkled because he
knew something was coming up.
And I just took a minute.
And I looked.
And right about here in my
field was this beautiful, teal
colored orb.
And it was stuck to me, like
rubber cement or something,
like it had just
stuck to my field.
By the end of the day
there were four of them.
And I was barely standing up.
Because I am that sensitive.
But I had to leave the
conference and get on a plane
to Sedona.
I had a seven week run.
I was going a lot of places.
And every weekend I
was speaking somewhere.
And so I get to the airport.
I'm surrounded by children,
literally little Earth people.
And then on the planes,
again, not an adult near me,
I had children telling me
all this stuff on the trips.
So I get to Sedona.
And I'm talking to
a friend of mine.
We were writing a
screenplay together.
And he says how'd it go?
Because he knew I was freaked
that I was even doing it.
And I said it was unbelievable.
My two hour talk
ended up going out
in the hall for another hour
when they needed the room.
There was so much
interest and so much need.
I got a wake up call.
And I didn't realize
how much I actually
knew, which was considerable.
>>REGINA: Well,
because you were one.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
Yeah, exactly.
So he says, well why don't we
put your kids-- he called it--
in our screenplay.
And I heard giggling in my
head, several different voices.
And I'm like oh my god,
now I'm hearing them.
And they said OK, great.
Well it got to the point where
they were doing this so much--
there was one in
particular, Weston.
I called him William
in the first book.
And Weston was a
massively-- is still--
a massively gifted telepath.
And he would
actually-- and they all
did-- Weston would literally
take over my reality.
I could be sitting
there, writing
or doing whatever Meg does,
and all of the sudden I'd
see a whole new reality.
I'd see Weston and a whole
bunch of these galactic looking
people that look like that
bar scene in the Star Wars--
very similar.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Crazy.
>>REGINA: Yeah, crazy.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
Crazy looking beings.
And I was in a recording
studio in New York City.
And I was making
a CD for the kids,
just to help them
understand a lot of stuff.
And all of the
sudden I was talking
about-- I was using the
idea of boxes like presents.
And they had all these things.
And I took them
through and talked
to them about different feelings
and how to bring them out
and how to fill themself
with other good things.
And it was like that.
And I got to in the
imagination box.
And I was totally winging this
whole recording, as it was.
Because that's how
I do everything.
And all of the sudden-- and
I said the imagination box
can never be full.
Because our imagination
is infinite.
And with that, my
entire reality changed.
I'm in another world.
And I'm looking
down at this box.
And there's bullfrogs hopping
out of it and croaking,
and just massively pouring
out of this box and croak--
I started laughing.
And I knew what was going on.
It was Weston.
Because he did things like that.
He had a great sense of humor.
And I actually left me
giggling in the recording.
It's hilarious.
But that's what was going on.
And the other kids,
Lauren, she was not
functional in her
human body at all.
She was beautiful.
>>REGINA: I remember
you writing about her.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: And
she would wake me up.
Yeah, we lost her
a few years ago.
I happened to be there
through her-- most of that.
And it was beautiful for
her to be free again.
But Lauren would wake me up.
And she would be ballet
dancing in a room
of mirrors and giggling.
And she'd say see, I'm free.
Nobody needs to
feel sorry for me.
I can dance.
>>REGINA: In real life she had
very little use of her body.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: None.
Yeah, she was very affected.
She was one of the
vaccine kids, born normal
and hit the dirt later.
And so anyway, they
started talking in my head.
They started saying
these profound things.
And I'm like I'm really careful.
My world is so strange anyway.
And I write a lot.
And I put books out for people.
And I'm very careful to validate
or be very clear about what I'm
saying and know it to be true.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: And so I
said to these little voices,
these four little voices,
if you guys are real,
start showing up.
Because I think
I'm losing my mind.
They were in my head 24/7.
And it was hard to
have my own thoughts.
They wanted my attention.
I figured that out.
And over the next months,
sure enough, they all
did show up, in their own
way, in different places
that I traveled.
And I met them all.
And each of those first four
were physically affected
and not able to speak.
But Weston's mom had called me.
And she said-- she
started laughing.
And she said this isn't
for me, this appointment.
This is for my son.
He told me that he
needed to talk to you.
I started laughing.
I said I think he
already has been.
And then she--
she's amazing mom.
She can't hear him.
But other people had, and so she
was familiar with the concept.
And I was at a conference there.
And I had my back to the aisle.
People were coming
out of something.
And I was talking
to a friend of mine.
And I heard hi, I made it.
And I just froze.
I thought oh my
god, it's happening.
And I turned around.
And it was Lauren
and her mom, who
has become one of my best
friends still, Karen.
And I didn't get any sleep for
nights after Lauren and I--
>>REGINA: So they showed up.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
Yeah, they did.
>>REGINA: So they proved
that they were real.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: They did.
>>REGINA: Now let's talk a
little bit about the hallmarks
of when a parent is
in the presence of one
of these children, some
of the common themes
that seem to happen.
So what happens is most parents,
most caregivers of every kind,
are not familiar
with this phenomenon.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: So
you get a little tiny kid
that starts talking about their
past life, or talking to God,
or picking their parents.
That's a big one.
Some of them will even
name themselves in utero,
or before they're conceived.
The parents will
hear their names.
And it's really fun.
I heard a name for
somebody that's
been trying to get pregnant.
And I wrote it down.
I didn't tell her.
Because she's been frustrated.
Anyway, I put it in my pocket.
I said when the time is
ready you'll know to tell me.
And I will give
you what I wrote.
Because she gave her name to me.
So they do this.
And it's just priceless
and wonderful.
And a lot of parents that
hear those names do use them.
But for the average
parent-- first of all,
I want to make something
really clear here.
This is not about religion.
It's not about any
set of belief systems.
It's not even spirituality.
It is human nature.
So I just want to
be really clear
that I'm not trying
to guide anybody
on some specific
path of beliefs.
Because this is part of
who we have always been
and had evolved out of.
So find that it gets categorized
a lot into some woo woo thing.
And it's a reality.
And so I just try to
make that really clear
when we talk about it.
>>REGINA: Well, and as you
start talking about some
of the behaviors
and traits, people
will start recognizing it
within either their friends
or their own family.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: I hope so.
>>REGINA: And say oh gosh, yeah.
I've seen that.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: I hope so.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
So what happens
is all of these little children
are doing all of these things.
Or somebody will feel
bad and they'll go over
and they'll touch
them so sweetly.
And all of the sudden,
the pain's gone.
Or they feel better.
There's a plethora of
abilities they have.
They're not all the same.
Some have similar.
Some are different.
In my first book,
"The Children of Now,"
I listed the traits
for the two main kids.
And in the second one
I did go over each one,
in "The Children Now Evolution."
>>REGINA: We're going
to go over them.
But it seems like even
throughout those one
commonality was that
they are so sensitive--
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Oh my god.
>>REGINA: --to
everything around them.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: They're
sentient is what I say.
First of all, to
finish answering
that question-- I'll
do it very quickly-- it
scares the parents.
It scares the relatives.
There's a lot of
religious teachings
that say these kind of
things are not a good thing.
And so parents get scared.
Because they think
there's something
wrong with their child.
And I like to make
it perfectly clear
that your child is perfect, just
differently abled, not broken.
Because it's really important
for them to understand that
just because the
child expresses more
fully than other
children doesn't mean
there's something wrong.
It means there's something
very right happening.
To answer your question,
these children are sentient.
They don't just use
their five senses--
their hearing, and their
smell, and that kind of thing.
They're using
their entire being.
And they're absorbing
information, like osmosis.
I don't have a good word
for it besides that.
And the problem is they get
out and around other people
and in environments.
And they feel everything.
They do not understand
that it's not all theirs.
This is what I ran into as I
got to know them long term.
Because they're empathic.
They feel other
people's feelings.
They absorb them.
They know what's going on
in every person in the room,
especially like a classroom.
And I did a neat
chapter in the book,
like a typical day in the--
>>REGINA: I read that,
and how they're so
looked over and treated so
inappropriately for what
they're experiencing.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Well
here's what happens.
When someone is sentient--
and I'm very much that way,
so I can relate.
When someone is sentient,
they get overloaded visually,
aurally, and energetically.
So clutter, too much noise,
too many people-- if you ever
watched me in a
party, or something
like that, or a group,
I'm constantly moving.
There's a reason for that.
And the kids do it.
And the reason that
is, is it's overload.
It's too much
energy building up.
And if they stay in
one place, they're
getting a constant feed
of that same energy.
So all they have to do is move
some and it shakes it off.
But we're calling that ADD,
Attention Deficit Disorder
and Attention Deficit
and Hyperactive Disorder.
And then the next
thing that happens
is the children
are being drugged
when they're only doing what
they need to do to feel good.
>>REGINA: Well, and in your
book you talked about that.
You were talking about
one little boy wandering
around the classroom.
And everyone else is being made
to sit still at their desks.
He's young.
And he's wandering
around touching things
while lessons are going on.
And you said if the teacher
or the parents or anyone
would simply just
pause long enough
to say well, what did you
learn at school today,
he'd be able to
recite everything.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Everything.
>>REGINA: How everyone
felt, what the lessons
were, and all that, where it
looks like he's dialed out,
and people are passing
that judgment on him,
and as you say, drugging them.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Exactly.
And the truth is, they're
picking up everything.
They're unbelievable.
My own granddaughter
is one of these kids.
And she's phenomenal.
She's 15 now and two
years ahead in school,
and still just as aware,
but in different ways.
She's maturing into
different ways.
The Crystalline Kids
are a real force.
And we'll talk more about
that in a few minutes.
>>REGINA: We're going to, yeah.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: They
get to a certain age
and they start acting socially.
Because they're seeing
things that need dealt with.
And it's so fun.
Because they had-- her
and a couple of kids
got in trouble for
moving around a lot.
And I guess her
mom was somewhere.
And the school didn't reach her.
But they reached the dad
of one of the other ones
to complain about the kids.
And the father of this
other girl knew Hailey.
And he says what's going on?
She says here's what's going on.
You need to tell miss
so and so that she needs
to get control of her class.
Because she doesn't have it.
And we don't have what we need.
And it was like
that's how they are.
And they're very aware
of what's going on.
But nobody asked them.
The school curriculums
that we are still
using are literally
over 100 years old.
>>REGINA: It's true.
It's so outdated,
so inappropriate.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: So
the world 100 years ago
was very Puritanistic.
It was very primitive.
They may have had mail
delivery by a pony.
And if you heard something,
it was years later,
if you heard it at all.
And the world now
is so different.
And we are different.
We have evolved.
And with the opening
of our conscious nature
comes higher intelligence.
They work hand in hand.
And as consciousness
expands, which it is doing,
we call it waking up.
But in truth,
what's happening is
we are able to reach
parts of ourselves
we didn't even know we had.
That brings higher intelligence.
But it also works in
tandem with our DNA.
And our DNA responds to that.
And it shines brighter,
just to put it simply,
the higher our
awareness gets, the more
connected with our
consciousness our DNA becomes.
So then our entire body
becomes that consciousness
in all worlds.
>>REGINA: Well and
that's where we
start getting into real
problems with these little kids
and vaccines, toxins, gluten.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: All of it.
>>REGINA: All of it.
Because these
kids, their DNA has
been matched to consciousness.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Yes.
Their DNA and their
consciousness-- that's what
makes them sentient.
Their DNA-- it's not
that we're getting
some super number of
strands of DNA or something
is growing that we never had.
It's not that at all.
It's how the DNA is acting and
expressing, epigenetically.
And epigenetically,
part of that expression
is our new ways of awareness.
And it's really interesting.
We don't even know
something's possible
until we know it's possible.
>>REGINA: I was going
to wait and ask you
later on in the conversation.
But we might as well
jump into it now.
So these kids, their DNA
is being elevated along
with the consciousness, or made
more sentient, more sensitive,
more expressive.
And then when you
throw thimerosal,
the incredibly toxic
effects of having
that many different
constituents thrown
into the body at
such a young age,
these little kids are
completely overloaded.
The more sensitive ones are.
Because they say oh, well.
Vaccines cause autism.
It's not that cut and dry.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: No, it's not.
>>REGINA: Let's talk about that.
Because this is
an important link.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: This
is one of my soapboxes.
Here we go.
>>REGINA: Go ahead.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: OK,
so these kids are-- well,
let's put it this way.
Each of us is unique
in all of creation.
We are put together
with a set of particles
that harmonize to reflect
the individuality of us.
There are no two
of us in creation.
That is considered a symphony.
Each of us is our own
beautiful symphony.
And on a good day
everything's working right.
And because of the way
things are changing,
the children's frequencies--
all of these particles
are made up of
frequencies of energy.
Because of that, their nature
is much finer than ours.
We are still more dense.
Their frequencies are
higher, which makes them
actually literally lighter.
Human light field is measurable
by science, by the way.
This is not something
I'm making up.
And so you get these very
high sensitive children
coming in that are
really high frequency.
They're born with all
of these abilities
intact and the sensitivity.
And then they're exposed
to environmental toxins.
There are a plethora of things--
chemicals, heavy metals--
in her environment.
>>REGINA: To say nothing
of herbicides, pesticides,
and insecticides.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: All of it.
>>REGINA: Everything
in our food.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Exactly.
>>REGINA: GMOs.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: And so
OK, so vaccines-- supposedly
they're not doing this anymore.
But I don't know what
they're using for a carrier.
>>REGINA: Instead of thimerosal.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Yeah,
they were using thimerosal.
They were using
mercury as a carrier.
Well let me talk about
mercury a minute.
Mercury was studied.
It has been studied as fuel
for interstellar travel because
of its properties.
Mercury can be in many
forms-- liquid, gaseous,
that kind of thing.
It's conductive.
And so you take a very
fine frequency child
and you put something
like that, or thimerosal,
or some of the other ones.
They have very similar effects.
And as that moves
through the body,
it expands the energy
field of the consciousness
away from that child's body.
And it causes problems.
And I illustrated in the book--
>>REGINA: Yes, in the book
you have a few plates showing
an intact energy field-- or do
you also interchangeably can
we call that the aura, do
you prefer just energy?
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: No,
it's actually not--
the aura that we--
>>REGINA: You're just
talking about the one right
around the body.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
Yeah, we have a bubble
of energy around our bodies.
A lot of people
call that the aura.
I literally see
this whole thing.
It's not the aura.
I call it our external field.
It's a communication station.
It brings information
and energy in.
And it dumbs it down
to our human world.
And it puts all of our
experience out to creation.
And creation starts to respond.
So it has a very big job.
The aura is a reflection off of
that of what's going on inside.
So it could be a certain
color or different colors
in different places.
It just depends on
right that minute,
where is that person at.
Or what's going on,
and how do they feel,
and are they happy, or are
they learning something,
are they healing?
All of that comes into
play in those colors.
>>REGINA: OK, so let's
go back to the energy
field of these kids.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: So what
happens is the consciousness is
pushed in some cases out
away from that encapsulation,
irregularly, or even
in a regular pattern,
where in some cases that
encapsulation's-- I'm just
going to give you a visual--
maybe it stops here.
It's actually bigger than that.
But the consciousness
gets pushed way up higher.
So there's a gap.
>>REGINA: Yes, in
one of these plates.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: That's
in the most severe cases.
And that's when those children
are not even communicative.
But the heavy metals
are contributing
an awful lot and the
vaccines-- and that's
what's been in them-- to
perfectly normal children
hitting the dirt.
And I have witnessed this I
can't tell you how many times.
A child receives vaccinations.
And all of the sudden they
spike a really high fever
of an unknown origin.
They have seizures,
any degree of seizures,
from focal seizures,
which is just
like nobody's home for a minute,
to full out wracking the body
seizures.
Nobody can figure out
where they're coming from.
Then they start to
lack communication.
They start to
ritualize what they do.
They start to have
different behaviors.
They start having
different issues
in their bodies--
autoimmune, digestive.
And this is autism.
And the reason this is happening
is because modern medicine
does not consider the
subtle energy field
or even have a clue about
the etheric anatomy that
is also part of us.
So that's why there's
such a spectrum of autism.
Now you take these same
high frequency children
and you feed them-- you think
you're doing a really good job.
And we hear a lot lately
about gluten sensitivities
and different things like that.
But what's really going
on is a lot of our foods
are genetically modified.
I had no idea until I wrote this
book the degree that it goes on
and some of the things
that have been done.
For just a few, for examples--
>>REGINA: Oh, give
a few of those.
It was really a
nasty little table.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
Yes, it was, wasn't it?
It was intentional.
>>REGINA: Yeah, yeah.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: When
they first started,
they put frog
genes into tomatoes
for some stupid reason
I can't even remember.
And they put fish
DNA into strawberries
so they'd weather
the frost better.
They've actually put
Roundup in plants,
mostly such as soy and
different crops that
are really bug magnets.
So almost all soy that
you eat has Roundup
as a part of its nature.
They even, in a
couple of cases--
and all these studies are
cited in the "Children Now
Evolution"-- in some cases even
inserted human genes into food
products.
And we are not cannibals.
>>REGINA: Right, exactly.
And I read recently
another recent study
was showing that it appears
that it's the Roundup that's
put in the late stage before
the harvest of the wheat that
may be causing as much trouble
as any kind of gluten effect.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Well I can
bring it down even further.
>>REGINA: Please.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Gluten
has many properties.
I can't remember them all,
because I'm not a scientist.
I am at heart.
But I'm not.
Anyway, and one of those
products is gliadin.
When gliadin is metabolized,
those little bits
that become of the original
wheat in our bodies
plug into the wrong
cell receptors.
They plug into our
thyroid receptors,
or our autoimmune receptors
in our intestinal tract.
And our body is
fooled into thinking
that it has what it has.
So we start seeing a
lot of inflammation.
We're seeing massive amounts
of a lot of allergies
that kids never used to have.
>>REGINA: Leaky gut syndrome.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
Leaky guts, yep.
And we're seeing
asthma off the charts.
All of these things
are feeding this.
It's not something
wrong with the kids.
We are doing it to them.
And the GMOs are
screwing up our bodies.
Our bodies are going to
have to mutate around this.
And God knows what
that's going to happen.
But not only that, but this
stuff is in the food chain.
It's fed to the animals.
And they eliminate.
It gets in the ground, in
the water, and back to us.
And between that
and all the drugs
that are being eliminated
by people every day--
>>REGINA: An article I read
the other day extended it out
to say by the year-- was it
2050 or so-- we could almost
expect to see every
other child displaying
some of the effects of
what we now call autism.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
That's not OK.
>>REGINA: That's not OK.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
And we can change it.
And all of these factors
are vitally important.
And we've been duped
by corporations.
And it's not just
here in the US.
It's everywhere.
>>REGINA: But they're
a little more conscious
in Europe about the GMOs.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
In Europe they
don't allow the GMOs any more.
The European Union
has outlawed them.
And I love eating over there.
The food actually
tastes like food.
>>REGINA: It does indeed.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
Depending on where you are.
Some's better than others.
>>REGINA: Not at the
local McDonald's in Paris.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
No, we don't go there.
But we've got to get smart.
Because we're killing our
race with these things.
And I know that's a
very strong statement.
But it's absolutely true.
>>REGINA: Well there's
evidence for it.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
There's a lot of evidence.
And I've cited both
sides of the story.
I do want to say
that I'm vaccine pro.
I'm not against vaccines.
They do wonderful things.
But it's what they're using
in them, these materials.
And a lot of times it's
just some sort of waste
that they don't know what to do.
For instance,
fluoride in our water
is a result of too much
nuclear waste fluoride.
And they didn't know
what to do with it.
So they put it in
toothpaste and water.
>>REGINA: Well and I
noticed that in your book.
I was surprised to find out
you weren't anti vaccines.
But you said maybe
what you need to do
is do your own
research into the batch
and what's in that
particular batch.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Yes,
that is actually possible.
And I put an 800
number in the book.
And there are others.
And you can ask
the batch number.
You can call the
doctor's office.
What's the batch of the
vaccines you're using?
And you can call this
800 number and ask
them does it have any
mercury or thimerosal,
or is there any kind
of heavy metal in it,
or are there any industrial
chemical type things.
You can ask those questions.
And what we need to
do is get diligent.
Because there's so much of this
that has happened so gradually.
We had no idea.
But now we're seeing
what it's doing.
And it's not OK.
We're talking literally half
the kids that are being born
are being diagnosed
with this stuff.
It's our doing.
Because we weren't aware.
And we can change it.
>>REGINA: OK, on
that note, let's
start looking at
the actual-- you
call them the different
kinds of kids, generations.
But generation doesn't
mean a 30 year gap between.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: No.
>>REGINA: It just
means different types
of beings being born.
And it's fair to start out
with the bridge generation.
You alluded to it earlier.
And you said we're part
of the bridge generation.
Let's talk about
their characteristics.
Because I think our
viewers are going
to start seeing
bits of themselves
or their children in this story.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Yeah,
I get so many e-mails.
I have all those traits.
What does that make me?
And they're 60 years old.
I want to preface
this by saying I'm not
about labeling the kids.
I'm so not about that.
>>REGINA: But you're
known for your labels.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
I know, right?
>>REGINA: And you created some
of this terminology that's
now used everywhere.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
I actually did.
I coined most of these terms.
>>REGINA: I know.
Yes, you did.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: And the first
one is actually a seminal work.
They're using it for research--
>>REGINA: The bridge generation.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: --for
PhD papers and all of that.
"The First Children of Now."
And anyway, I had to find
a way to communicate.
How do I talk about
these different children?
And so in my mind I
gave them a little names
so that I could keep track
of what I was learning.
And I ended up doing
it in the book.
And I wish I hadn't.
But I'm glad I did.
And anyway, the bridge
generation is us.
We're the people that,
in varying degrees,
had an intuitive nature,
are very sensitive.
A lot of us have low
basal temperatures.
And we know we need to go home.
But we can't
remember where it is.
A lot of people say that.
A lot of people know who's on
the phone before they answer,
and just a lot of little
sixth sense kind of things.
>>REGINA: Where the sixth
sense is starting to open up,
but not fully blown open.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Exactly.
Well that's what I
call the sixth sense.
The sixth sense are the
hints, or the little pieces,
that oh, woo, something's
going to happen.
Or gee, I see something out
of the corner of my eye.
And it's gone--
that kind of thing.
But we had that.
And it was scary, because
people didn't believe us.
Or they made fun of us.
And a lot of people-- I didn't--
but a lot of people turned it
off.
And now we're having
trouble getting back to it.
But many, many of
us started exploring
that part of our nature.
And that's where the whole
spiritualist and then
later spiritualism
movement came from.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
That was my next
question about that.
That's the generation
that really got going.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: That's what
happens when you're intuitive.
So that's how that
started was us just trying
to figure out what the heck.
And more and more of
us started doing that.
And there is a
scientific principle
called the hundredth monkey
theory, which we've all
probably heard of ad nauseam.
But we did that.
By so many of us
exploring who we are
and what we're
capable of we created
a point of critical mass where
now it is becoming normal.
And more and more
people are able to do.
I've noticed that
with my own students.
In my certification program,
the first year they struggled.
The next year the class
was so much more quick.
And this last year
was mind blowing.
They were masters by
the end of the year.
And one of my students
that's been with me
since the beginning was standing
against the wall laughing.
And she said what's going on?
And I stood there a minute.
And I said I'll tell
you what's going on.
It's because of you,
and you, and you.
Each one of us that
does this makes
it easier for the next guy.
So that makes us the bridge.
>>REGINA: And we started giving
birth to some of the others.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: And as we
have raised our consciousness,
and opened our hearts, and our
beingness to something greater,
we have developed that
nature and given it
to our children, who
realize it more fully
than we even still do.
Because so many of
us made it so normal,
the children are
actually just coming in
with remembering
where they came from.
And they're able to do
all kinds of things.
Interestingly, until they're
socialized, at about age seven,
they start to forget.
Because they're taught
no, that's not OK.
That's not real.
You're not looking at
an angel in the room.
>>REGINA: They become educated.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK, so let's talk
about the next one, the Indigo
Children.
Because that's the term
everybody's aware of.
And how did that
term really come--
why did that term come to be?
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
That term came
to be because somebody sees
like I do, to some degree,
noticed that a certain
set of children,
who had certain traits,
like I did later,
had completely indigo blue
fields, that external field
I'm talking about.
And thus she coined that term.
And that's where
the term came from.
Because their whole energy
field was deep indigo blue.
Well they're the
paradigm breakers.
They were the ones that
wouldn't follow rules in school
because they were really and
truly for somebody else's
convenience.
And they'd say so.
That has nothing to do with me.
That's for you to do whatever
you want for the next hour.
I'm not doing it.
>>REGINA: So when did roughly--
how old would they be now?
When did that first wave
start coming through?
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: They
would be in their mid
to late 30s, the
earlier Indigos.
>>REGINA: Mid to late 30s.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: And
none of this is in stone.
>>REGINA: No I understand.
These are generalities
we're speaking in now.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Well the
reason is it's an evolution.
And there are early comers
and there are late comers.
So the Indigos
happened for a while.
And they're very artful
and very open hearted
and laid back,
kind of hippie-ish
almost in their attitude,
just like whatever.
>>REGINA: They're not
super ambitious in the way
that the previous
generations were.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Exactly.
Thank you.
I couldn't find the words.
They're just more like whoa,
right now what's going on?
And they seemed disrespectful.
But in fact they were
just being normal.
And so they were
the first awareness
we had that something was
happening in a new generation.
>>REGINA: Didn't a lot of
them really embrace weed?
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Oh
yeah, a lot of them
smoked a lot of dope.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
smoking a lot of weed.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: That's why
I said they were hippie-ish.
>>REGINA: They were just
hanging in the moment.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Yeah,
they did a lot of that,
did a lot of that.
And they're in their
mid to late 30s.
And what's really fun is they're
having Crystalline Kids now.
>>REGINA: OK, so let's
start talking about them.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: So they're
really an actual earlier
generation, not a full
20 years, but as I'm
going to talk about it right.
>>REGINA: The Crystalline Kids?
Or are we still on the Indigos?
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: The
indigos were first.
And then we went
through a time where
I call the Transitional Kids.
>>REGINA: Oh, yes.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: And we
still have them every day.
The Transitionals are the dark
side of this beautiful thing,
in a way.
But in another way
they're very beautiful.
They are highly,
highly sensitive,
but not as brilliantly
intuitive as the Crystallines
that came later.
They had a real mixed
bag of energies.
They had a little of
the Indigo, some stuff.
We were in a transitory time.
So they didn't get a
refinement of energies.
Because we the bridge
generation were
trying to figure things
out for ourselves.
So we weren't passing on a
clear message to the babies
yet, frankly.
So you get these kids
that are really sensitive
and don't know how to express
it, don't even understand--
>>REGINA: No one to really
mentor or guide them.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Well
we didn't have a clue.
And so what a lot of them
did was they internalized.
And they started to get
really low self-esteem.
They started to self
medicate-- drugs, alcohol.
>>REGINA: So these kids are--
there's a term called the Lost
Generation.
Might these be
some of these kids?
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
Absolutely, absolutely.
And that's the way it appears.
Because they're so internalized
that we really don't
have an idea what's going on.
And they're not
easy to get to talk.
Because they go so deep.
>>REGINA: Can't draw
them out, necessarily.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
Well once they're
in their teens it's impossible.
And so what I'm advocating
is get your child
to communicate as
soon as they hit air.
Start communicating.
And keep them feeling safe.
In our generation,
and prior generations,
if we said something, we
were criticized for it.
Or we were told no,
that's wrong, or whatever.
What I say is listen deeply.
Don't judge.
Don't criticize.
See what they have to say.
Because what they're
saying is amazing.
And it's brilliant.
And the problem with the
Transitionals we went through,
and we're going
through it again,
we've seen a lot of
teen suicides, which
is heartbreaking.
I can't tell you how many
families I worked with that
went through that.
It's heartbreaking.
>>REGINA: And precursors to
that are cutting themselves?
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
Well what happens
is they get desensitized
internalizing,
they cut themselves so
they can feel something,
so they know they're alive.
Because they shut
down so completely.
And then the other
piece of that is
what we've been seeing
the last several years is
that now that we've got
them even more sensitive,
more technology available,
different things that
communicate to this, when
they internalize they build
these fantasy worlds,
like the superheroes
in their video games, or
like the special effects
in the movies that are so real.
And they build up this fantasy.
And then they act on it.
And when they do,
they go to a school
and shoot a bunch of
people and kill them.
The kid at Virginia Tech was
a perfect example of this.
Two days after he committed
the acts that killed 30
some people, including
himself, a local news station
received a packet
from him showing him
in all these martial
arts poses with weapons
of a different nature.
That was his fantasy world.
And that's what he did.
>>REGINA: And there's no
line between the two anymore.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: He
had been hospitalized.
He had been medicated.
He had been through
all the stuff
a lot of these
transitional kids did.
Oh, you're broken.
You need drugs.
You need a psychiatrist.
You need this.
You need that.
No, no, that's--
>>REGINA: Most of these
shooters are on drugs.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: They're on
prescription drugs.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Exactly.
And those drugs--
>>REGINA: Psychoactive drugs.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
It was so cool.
Because yesterday
at the airport I
met a woman who oversees
some of these drug trials.
And she won't work
the ADD, ADHD drugs.
Because she knows
what's happening.
>>REGINA: Oh my gosh, yeah.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: And
it was just interesting
that it happened on the way
here, like things always do.
But these drugs are
made for adult people.
They're not made for
developing minds.
And kids in their teens
are going through so much,
developmentally and
physically developmentally,
that what's happening is
these drugs are causing
psychiatric symptomologies.
And unfortunately we're
starting to see it revealed
in some pretty ugly ways.
>>REGINA: Yes, and I think
we can all relate to that
because--
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
It's in the news.
>>REGINA: We all
see the headlines.
Yeah, we all see it.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
It's in the news.
>>REGINA: OK, now let's go on
to the Crystalline generation.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Love to.
>>REGINA: Because they're
really interesting.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: The
Crystalline kids are amazing.
They started coming in
around the late 1990s-- '97,
'98, right in there.
And this is where I
picked up with the kids.
And they are amazing.
They are natural born healers.
They can work energy
like a master.
They're intuitive.
They see other dimensionally.
They see people on the other
side that have passed away.
They see the angelic realm
and everything in between.
They will often say they
remember talking to God
or picking their parents.
I was referring to them earlier.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: And
they're like old, wise beings,
wise old--
>>REGINA: And you
said also charismatic.
They walk into a room and
everyone feels their presence.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: You
want something done,
you give it to a
Crystalline kid.
When Hailey was six-- I
used to burn my own CDs.
I was starting out.
And I was low on funds.
And I packaged everything.
I did back then.
And the three of them
came to visit me.
Hailey was six.
And the other two were--
Josh is a year behind.
And Devon was four years
later or something.
So he was a little bitty guy.
And I told Hailey, I said,
honey, I need 500 CDs done.
And this is how it works.
And would you get
your brothers to help?
They packaged 500,
CDs, from burning them,
to putting labels on the CDs,
to packaging them in packages
and shrink wrapping them.
And then, in entire
batch of 500-- and it
was six different CDs.
In an entire batch of 500
CDs, my six-year-old grandkid
ran a crew of kids
littler than her.
There was only one CD
that had a problem.
It was empty.
Somebody got excited
about the shrink wrap.
And that's the way
they are though.
>>REGINA: So that's
the Crystalline Kids.
So they take charge.
They are connected
with the larger picture
too, with the Earth, with
the problems resulting--
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: They're
more socially interested.
The star kids are
more Earth interested.
>>REGINA: Oh, OK.
So, OK.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: It's
a beautiful marriage.
We're going to see
that in a minute.
The Crystalline kids
notice things socially.
When they get to be about age
10 or 11-- oh, and by the way,
they don't handle it when things
around them get real stressed.
Some of them will have seizures
or different things happen.
Because their system
is so finely tuned.
They get on overloads.
There's a lot of anger
or a lot of-- the parents
are fighting or something.
I've seen them have seizures
or have weird events.
Because it's too much for them.
When they're little--
they grow out of it.
But when they're
first here, they're
very sensitive, more sensitive.
And so they'll talk about what
it's like on the other side
and what they remember.
And they talk about past lives,
as we said before and different
things like that.
And by the time they're 10
or 11, their shift changes.
They become very socially aware.
And you can count the
clock by 10 or 11.
Usually it's 11.
>>REGINA: Social
consciousness develops.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: It's
like some door opens.
And I know a lot of these kids.
I knew one whose
principal from school
called to a single mom, who
was very hard working and very
busy.
And he says well, we're
having a food drive at school.
And she says OK,
I'll send something.
Don't worry.
She's a busy mom, whatever.
He says no, you
don't understand.
Your son, Peter, who was 10
at the time, arranged this.
And he's having us do this
because not all lunches are
equal.
And some kids didn't have them.
And he got upset about it.
And it was just mind blowing.
Because I knew him
since he was little.
>>REGINA: Yeah, yeah.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
They do things--
my granddaughter, her aunt on
the other side of the family
had pancreatic cancer
and passed from it.
And Hailey was furious.
Because they didn't know that
much about pancreatic cancer.
So she started
weaving bracelets.
Now, she was like 10.
She started weaving bracelets.
And they were beautiful.
And she'd sell
them for $1 to $3,
depending on how
intricate they were.
And before I knew, she was
running 47 kids making these.
>>REGINA: She had a
little sweat shop.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Yeah,
out of the school library.
>>REGINA: Oh my god.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: And they
were on the regional news.
It was a big deal.
And they contributed
all this money
they made to cancer research
for pancreatic cancer.
>>REGINA: So they have a love
of their fellow human being.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
They love people.
In fact, they've
been known to say
they've come here because
they want to teach us
how to love ourselves
and each other,
because we've forgotten how.
When they first started
coming that was the main thing
they said first.
You don't remember how to love.
I'm here to remind you.
>>REGINA: OK, now what
about the star kids?
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
And so the star kids
are like the other half
of the yin and yang.
We've got the Crystalline
kids who are beautifully all
about the heart, all about
society, all about acting,
acting on it.
And then we get the star
kids, who are-- they
have a lot of the
same giftedness.
I hate using that word.
Because it's really who we are.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I agree.
I don't like the word.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: But they
have a lot of the abilities
that the Crystallines have.
There's a crossover here.
The difference is that the star
kids are very, very concerned
about the condition of the Earth
and how we're living on it.
And they're all--
everyone I've known
has been real into the animals
and how they're OK or not OK.
And they're highly
technologically oriented.
I had one little guy
who was seven years old,
came walking in for a session
with me one day with his mom,
and he had a book that was
like a coffee size table book.
And it was all about the
history of airplanes.
Now this kid's seven
years old in feet pajamas
coming to visit me.
And I thought well,
my dad was a pilot.
I'll start there.
And we'll get to
know each other.
So he says what year
was your dad a pilot?
And I told him.
And he says OK, well
here's what he flew.
Here's how the hydraulics work.
Here's what type
of fuel it used.
Here was the ratio.
He told me stuff like an
engineer probably didn't even
know.
>>REGINA: And he was seven.
Why was he there to see you?
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Because
he was having problems, not
sitting still, a
lot of this stuff.
>>REGINA: Yeah, fidgety.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: And he
said a lot of weird stuff.
Well I had him on the table.
And the next thing
I know, he and I
are talking multi-dimensionality
like it's over coffee.
And this kid was amazing.
And oh I know, he wasn't
doing well in school.
And I said OK, so
how come you're not
doing well on your tests?
From what I can tell,
you're brilliant.
In fact, I think
you're a genius.
What's up?
And he says to me you
know-- very seriously--
by the time they
give us a test, it's
a week later or a month later.
I've been there.
And I've done that.
And I'm light years
ahead of that.
So why should I try to go
backwards when I'm learning
so much more right now?
>>REGINA: Oh, god.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: And I stood
there and I thought you know--
>>REGINA: You're right, kid.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Yeah.
That's a good point.
>>REGINA: So this is
a good example of what
the star children are like.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
Yeah, they need
a lot to keep their minds busy.
They're really brilliant.
And they love to invent things.
They're the opposite
of the Crystallines
are all about the heart.
These guys are all about the
technology and the knowledge,
and they're like the bringers
of what we need to know.
And so later we're going to
have a perfect dichotomy,
I mean a perfect yin and
yang, of the Crystallines
on one side of it and the
star kids on the other side.
We're going to have
people and the world all
being tied together by these
two different types of kids,
who will be running our
world at some point.
>>REGINA: I know, I'm
so excited for that day
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
And I can't wait.
>>REGINA: I feel the same way.
OK, Children of Light.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
Children of Light.
>>REGINA: Because that's
a little different gig.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Eight
years ago-- no, 10 years ago--
>>REGINA: Talk about
their energy field, too.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: I'm going to.
Oh, and I didn't with the
Crystalline Kids and the Star
Kids.
I do want to make
one point with that.
And then I'll move to that.
The Crystalline Kids, when I
first started noticing them,
their energy fields moved really
fast, like a search light,
like searching, searching,
information, information.
And they were indigo
blue, and deep burgundy,
and forest green--
>>REGINA: Kind of
jewel tone colors.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
Jewel tone colors.
And over time, as their
energies have refined,
and the consciousness
has opened farther,
that has lightened and
lightened and lightened.
So we hear Rainbow
Children, Dolphin Children,
blah, blah, blah.
It's all the same.
It's just a part
of the evolution.
So what's happening is-- and
10 years ago my guys, as I call
them, told me eight
years from this date
you will begin to see
a new type of child.
And I was like cool.
I don't ever ask who,
what, why, or where.
I let things be what they are.
I'm like, awesome.
And I told the person I was
having dinner with well,
there's going to be more.
And within the last couple of
years they've started coming.
And I don't really know
what they can do yet.
Because they're so little.
They're babies.
>>REGINA: Are these the Children
of Light we're speaking of?
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: The
Children of Light, right.
And I call them that because
their energy fields are
pure white, pure white energy.
>>REGINA: Total
synthesis of all colors.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Wow.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: They
have infinite possibility
in their makeup.
They aren't limited.
Like the earlier generations, if
you want to call it something,
have some variance from us.
These guys are an assimilation
of all of that progress
in the evolution of humanity.
Unbelievable-- I can't wait
to see what they can do.
I'm just starting to get--
>>REGINA: And your inclination,
in observing them now,
is to believe that they
are here to just be
and uphold an energy?
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
I don't know yet.
>>REGINA: Not to do a lot?
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: The truth--
>>REGINA: Yeah, you don't know.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
I don't know yet.
But here's what I really think.
I think you're right.
I don't like to use the word--
what I know is you're right.
And I also feel like they're
going to be like I am.
I learned how to be able to
reach my consciousness out
and pick up information out
of the common consciousness.
And I do that, just naturally.
And my sense is
that they're going
to have this ability, innately.
That's my sense.
Because of the way that
I see their energy,
and it's very fluid.
It's very calm.
It's like a field of light.
It's not like all these
other kids, whose fields
moved and picked up stuff.
These guys are like the
total sentient being.
>>REGINA: Wow.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: So I can't
wait to see what happens.
>>REGINA: How they
start expressing.
But you can see it in
their little eyes and such,
and their little beings.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
Oh my god, yeah.
>>REGINA: That quiet, just
wide open and scanning.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
Yeah, when they're
born they're often quiet.
And they look
directly at people.
And they even smile,
which they say kids can't
do at that-- I know different.
I've been in a lot of births and
seen them-- luckily, awesomely.
>>REGINA: OK, so now
let's go, because we're
starting to run toward
the end of our time,
let's talk about
angels on Earth.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: They are
the smallest of the categories,
if you will, in numbers,
but some of the most
profound people I've ever met.
And there are people who
know, without a doubt,
that they have wings.
They can feel them, but
nobody can see them.
And they don't know
what to do with them.
And they are so deeply,
deeply intrinsically sensitive
that they are affected
by everything.
And so many of them are very sad
or try to give themselves away.
They're trying to
find their way.
Because they know there's
something really different
about them.
I don't know whether
they're actually
descendants from when the
angels fell and bred with us,
or it's some other
kind of a thing.
I really don't.
Know but it's a very
real phenomenon.
And I can see them.
>>REGINA: Let's talk about
one girl you wrote about.
I loved this story in your book.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
She's my favorite.
I was in Canada
teaching a workshop.
And I was doing private
sessions on the off class days.
And her mom brought her to me.
And I said OK,
what are we doing?
Talk to me.
Because I never assume anything.
I listen.
And she was really
coming very open with me.
And I asked her mom
to leave the room.
I said I promise
you she is safe.
I just feel like
she's not talking
to me because you're here.
And I said that in
front of the daughter.
And then the mom went out.
And I said OK, let's have it.
She said I have wings.
I said I know.
I said what color are they?
I was validating me.
Well, they're light blue.
I said OK.
That's exactly what I am seeing.
She says yeah, and I'm so
frustrated-- she's a teenager,
right-- I'm so frustrated
because nobody can see them.
So you know what I did?
I had them tattooed on my back.
And I'm like seriously?
Can I see them?
And she sat up.
And her entire
back-- it was artful.
It was magnificent.
It was these beautiful,
living-- I don't know.
I actually went to the artist
myself and talked to him.
They were like alive they
were so well-- every feather.
They had movement.
They were art.
But they were so
much more than that.
And it made her feel
better that people
could see that she had wings,
even if they were a tattoo.
>>REGINA: What happened
to her after she realized
you could see her real wings?
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Oh
my gosh, she opened up.
She got so excited.
And she started telling me
that she could see other things
that nobody could see.
And she was seeing very dark
kind of things that were scary.
And she was seeing people
in the spirit world.
And she was seeing the
angelic world and everything
in between.
And she said they
follow me everywhere.
And I don't know what to do.
I'm always being watched.
And it scares me.
And so I was able to explain
to her that this was actually
a very cool ability and that
nobody was there to hurt her.
They were actually
learning from her.
Because these kids emit this--
they're like a clarion call
to creation.
Yo, humanity just shifted
into something really cool.
And so these kids
are often observed.
And nobody will bother them.
But she could see everything.
And she didn't understand that
they weren't there to hurt her,
or they weren't going to do
something to somebody else.
And it scared her.
But she couldn't tell anybody.
Because it was too freaky.
She was afraid she'd end up
in a hospital or something.
And so what happened
for her was amazing.
When she and I got talking, and
I started explaining everything
to her, she opened
up so beautifully
and began to excel in
her life and really made
some great positive strides.
And all she needed was
someone to say you're OK.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I see you.
And you're OK.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
Yeah, I see you.
I love that out of "Avatar."
>>REGINA: Isn't it
going to be amazing
when most of the people on
this planet, and ultimately
all of the people
on this planet,
will have these abilities
to simply see and know?
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
Yeah, and we will.
>>REGINA: No mystery, no
lying, no deceit anymore.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Exactly.
If we are diligent, that
is entirely possible.
>>REGINA: And one
of the things I
was going to-- two other
little points-- not so
little points-- all of these
kids have this sensitivity.
They're often in fear
because they're so different.
Some of them are
tiny in stature,
sickly, any number of things.
Maybe some more severe things
happen after either vaccines,
or they're even born with
particular birth defects.
And so they are very
subject to bullying.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Bullying
has become very easy because
of our technology
and that children
and other people-- because
it's not always children--
but what we're seeing
with the children
is they're doing it
behind technologies,
their social networks,
texting, these kind of things.
They're not looking
people in the eye.
And what's happening--
and this is
why we're seeing so
many child murderers
as well-- what's happening
is technology's great.
It's convenient.
It's doing amazing things
for us and our intelligence.
But on the other
side of that coin,
it's desensitizing us--
too much at us too fast,
too many things to keep up with.
The technology is
constantly changing.
You buy something and
it's already obsolete.
And we've got so much coming
at us real time, all the time.
And the media's so dramatic.
And they're repeating things
over, and over, and over again.
And at the same time,
we've got video games
that are so realistic, so God
awful realistic-- the hero
dies.
You get another, no brainer.
And they play these for
hours, and hours, and hours.
And then the special
effects are very real.
And the hero gets up
and five minutes later
doesn't have a scratch,
in the movies or the games
or whatever.
It's screwing up the psychology.
The children are becoming--
>>REGINA: Yes, kids are
morphing with that reality.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
They are, yes.
It's affecting them.
And we're seeing it
in our policeman.
Look at how many
shootings and weird things
have happened
lately-- same reason.
OK, so what's happening
is our technology
has outgrown our psychology.
We need time to catch up.
It isn't going to happen.
So what we've got to do
is we've got to limit
what our kids are doing.
And sure, give them a
phone to keep them safe.
We want to be able
to reach them.
We want them to call us.
But we don't want them to
lose that interpersonal
relationship.
And that's what I'm seeing.
And that's what I'm seeing
in the instances of bullying,
especially when it ends up when
the children commit suicide,
it was always something
that was posted.
And now they even have sites
where you post something--
and I don't remember
what they're called,
or I'd call them.
I'd name them.
You can put something up and
in a few seconds it's gone.
So only one person can
see it, or something.
So you could put
anything on there.
And then it disappears,
and stuff like that.
And so we really need to get
down to personal relationship
basics.
They don't have the connection.
You and I have friends that
will be our friends forever.
We can call them in 20 years
if we have never spoken.
And we will-- right
where we left off.
They're not getting that.
They're getting disconnected.
Their awareness is
all over the place.
Yes.
>>REGINA: So they have to
be feeling on their own.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
And they need to know,
to be able to know, what
is theirs and what is not,
how to separate that.
But they need to know the
value of another human being.
And that's what we're all about.
It's about us.
>>REGINA: Well, and ironically
all of the sensitization
is happening at the time all
of these hyper sensitive beings
are being born, the
clash of that happening.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Of course.
>>REGINA: Of course, yeah--
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
It's a paradox.
>>REGINA: It's a paradox.
And so as we conclude
in the conversation,
it sounds like it's
very, very important
for parents to start opening
their own understanding
of their child's
potential, particularly
if the child's different.
Start listening, especially
if they have thoughts about I
don't want to be here anymore
or I want to kill myself.
Any final thoughts on that?
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
They don't say that.
Yes.
In the book, "The Children
of Now Evolution,"
there's an entire
chapter on this.
And there are a lot of go to
places-- hot lines you can
call, symptoms to watch for.
I did that.
I specifically listed
a lot of symptoms.
I've worked with too
many of these families.
And the thing is adults
are struggling to get by.
The world has changed.
More is expected of us.
We are so barely in our bodies.
We're so far ahead, trying
to keep up with everything,
that the average parent
spends about 28 minutes a day
with their child.
So we need to find ways to
adapt, on a personal level,
not the technological level.
We could go one of two ways.
We have a choice.
And we're there.
We're at a paradox.
And so we've got
to get diligent.
We've got to develop these
interpersonal relations
and stop being so darn
judgmental of each other.
A parent can't even correct
their child in public.
They get reported
for child abuse.
I know places that
it's happened.
I know people it's happened to.
And I'm not saying--
>>REGINA: When the kid's totally
screaming out of control.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: I'm
not saying toe the line.
What I'm saying is
give them structure.
They feel safe that way.
Get personal with them.
And stay that way.
And get them to talk
and listen deeply.
As nine-year-old
Nicholas said, when
he wrote the forward
to the first book,
I said what do you need?
He said listen deeply.
We have come with
great messages.
And they're still coming.
And their messages
are remarkable.
>>REGINA: They are.
And I wanted also to just say
you did a beautiful job writing
this book.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Thank you.
>>REGINA: You have such
clarity in your writing.
You're very articulate
and efficient
in getting through the
themes without losing
any of the warmth.
Very well done book.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: Thank you.
>>REGINA: I really
appreciate it.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
I appreciate that.
It was important to come
across that way for me.
Because this is
not my normal book.
My normal books are
friendlier, more loving, maybe.
>>REGINA: This is more
essential in its nature.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
This is not a new book.
It's a wake up call.
>>REGINA: Yeah, it is.
And it's beautifully done.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY: And it
needed to be done that way.
Thank you for that.
That means a lot to me.
>>REGINA: And thank you
for joining us here.
>>BLACKBURN LOSEY:
Thank you, Regina.
>>REGINA: Again, the book
is titled "The Children
of Now Evolution."
And it's a very
lucid, important guide
to understanding all
the world's sensitives
and bringing our societies
up to a level that
can appreciate them.
Very worthwhile reading.
You can connect with Meg's
work at spiritlite.com.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[THEME MUSIC]